# ĐỀ THI PFP191 - PE - 25SU

## **Question 1: (2.5 marks)**
The given file Q1.py contains statements to input an integer **month**. You should write statements to print the semester at FPT University corresponding to the entered month. If the month is out of scope from 1 to 12, then print an error.

**Hints:**
- Each semester at FPT University has 4 months named sequentially as SPRING, SUMMER, FALL.

**Notes:**
- Do not edit given statements in the main function.
- You can create new function(s) if you see it is necessary.

**Sample input and output:**
- Input: 2 -> Output: SPRING
- Input: 6 -> Output: SUMMER
- Input: 10 -> Output: FALL
- Input: 15 -> Output: Error

---

## **Question 2: (3 marks)**
The given Q2.py file contains statements to input a sentence **string**. You should write statements to reverses all of the words in string.

**Notes:**
- Do not edit given statements in the main function.
- You can create new functions if you see it is necessary.

**Sample input and output:**
- Enter a string: PFP191 and PRO192 -> Output: PRO192 and PFP191
- Enter a string: I learn PFP191 -> Output: PFP191 learn I

---

## **Question 3: (2.5 marks)**
The given file Q3.py already contains statements to input data for the list. You should write statements to count the primes number in the list.

**Notes:**
- Do not edit given statements in the main function.
- You can create new functions if you see they are necessary.

**Sample input and output:**
- Please enter the size of the array: 5
  a[0]=10, a[1]=15, a[2]=1, a[3]=25, a[4]=48 
  -> OUTPUT: 0
- Please enter the size of the array: 5
  a[0]=2, a[1]=15, a[2]=7, a[3]=25, a[4]=11 
  -> OUTPUT: 3

---

## **Question 4: (2 marks)**
The given Q4.py file contains statements about input and output data of objects from the **Suitcase** class. You should write the statements to complete the Suitcase class as described below:

### **Suitcase**
- `id`: int
- `name`: str
- `capacity`: float
- `maxWeight`: int
+ `Suitcase(id:int, name:str, capacity:float, maxWeight:int)`
+ `expand_suitcase(): float`
+ `toString(): void`

**Where:**
- `Suitcase(...)` - parameterized constructor that sets values for id, name, capacity, and maxWeight.
- `expand_suitcase(): float` - This method increases the suitcase's capacity based on its maxWeight and returns the expanded capacity:
  - If `maxWeight >= 15`, it adds 5 to the capacity.
  - If `7 < maxWeight < 15`, it adds 2 to the capacity.
  - If `maxWeight <= 7`, the capacity remains the same.
- `toString(): void` - print out the information of the Suitcase: id, name, capacity, and maxWeight. **Format the capacity in two decimal places.**

**Sample input and output:**
- Test 1 (expand_suitcase): id: 1, name: Mia, capacity: 6, maxWeight: 6 -> OUTPUT: 6.00
- Test 2 (expand_suitcase): id: 1, name: Mia, capacity: 8, maxWeight: 9 -> OUTPUT: 10.00
- Test 3 (expand_suitcase): id: 1, name: Mia, capacity: 10, maxWeight: 16 -> OUTPUT: 15.00
- Test 4 (toString): id: 1, name: Mia, capacity: 10, maxWeight: 16 -> OUTPUT: 1, Mia, 10.00, 16
